# You Spin Me Round Robin

For this project, given the processes arrival times and burst time, we try to find the best schedule to minimize the arrival time and the wait time, using round robin principles (by using Round Robin scheduling technique. For this project, there are two schedulers that could run, one is using a fixed quanta, and the other is using median times of all currently running processes.

## Building

```shell
TODO
```
First open the directory in CMD and navigate to it. Then run the following command:
make
This command generates an executable rr and an object file rr.o, which we would use to carry out our scheduling

## Running


To run the round robin scheduler, we use the following lines of code:
./rr <process_list> <quantum>
where we replace the process list with the file name which had the process information, and replace the quantum with seconds.
If we want to instead run the median run time scheduler, we replace the <quantum> with the string median:
./rr <process_list> median


results TODO
The results of running the executable is we get two lines of output(if there are no errors associated with the imputs or processes). One displays the average wait time per process of the scheduler if we run the processes with the stated quanta, and the other line displays the average response time per process.
The wait time is the total amount of time a process spends in the queue waiting
The response time is the total amount of time between the arrival and the first execution of the process.
```

## Cleaning up
To clean the files generated by the build process, we run the command:
make clean
This removes all object files and executables that were created.

# cs111_lab2
